Add separate docs section GPU VMs and specify NVIDIA required (#1406)
alan-turing-institute/data-safe-haven: docs/roles/system_manager/manage_deployments.md

- where `<SRE ID>` is the {ref}`secure research environment ID <roles_deployer_sre_id>` for this SRE
- where `<IP last octet>` is last octet of the IP address (this must be different to any other SRD VMs)

> ## {{minidisc}} GPU optimised SRDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## {{minidisc}} Using GPUs in SRDs
```

> When you {ref}`resize_vm` or {ref}`add_new_srd` and want a **GPU** optimised VM (N-series in Azure), you'll need to ensure it's one that uses NVIDIA GPUs (as oppose to AMD). See the [Azure docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-gpu) for more information. This is to make sure that CUDA works as expected in the SRE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you {ref}`resize_vm` or {ref}`add_new_srd` size featuring a GPU (N-series in Azure), you'll need to ensure it had an Nvidia GPU (as opposed to AMD or other).
See the [Azure docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-gpu) for more information.
This is because only Nvidia GPUs support the drivers and CUDA libraries installed on the SRD image.
```
